doc: Adds example for GCP in `mongodbatlas_cloud_provider_access` resources and `mongodbatlas_encryption_at_rest` resource (#3645)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/encryption_at_rest.md

### Configuring encryption at rest using customer key management in GCP

> The configuration of encryption at rest with customer key management in GCP uses role-based authentication through Cloud Provider Access, which is the recommended approach over static service account keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For GCP environments using static service account key, we recommend configuring encryption at rest with customer key management. This approach uses role-based authentication through Cloud Provider Access for a more secure solution
```

> For GCP environments using static service account key, we recommend configuring encryption at rest with customer key management. This approach uses role-based authentication through Cloud Provider Access for a more secure solution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For GCP environments using static service account key, we recommend configuring encryption at rest with customer key management. This approach uses role-based authentication through Cloud Provider Access for a more secure solution.
```

Reviewer 3: Addressed in [ad68dba](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3645/commits/ad68dba704d2e4b890d29566e1bc8db2bc7190be)

```terraform
resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_provider_access_setup" "this" {
  project_id    = var.atlas_project_id
  provider_name = "GCP"
}

resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_provider_access_authorization" "this" {
  project_id = var.atlas_project_id
  role_id    = mongodbatlas_cloud_provider_access_setup.this.role_id
}

resource "mongodbatlas_encryption_at_rest" "test" {
  project_id = var.atlas_project_id

  google_cloud_kms_config {
    enabled                 = true
    key_version_resource_id = google_kms_crypto_key.crypto_key.primary[0].name
    role_id                 = mongodbatlas_cloud_provider_access_authorization.this.role_id
  }

  depends_on = [
    google_kms_crypto_key_iam_binding.encrypter_decrypter_binding,
    google_kms_crypto_key_iam_binding.viewer_binding
  ]
}
```

> **NOTE**  If using the two resources path for cloud provider access, `cloud_provider_access_setup` and `cloud_provider_access_authorization`, you may need to define a `depends_on` statement for these two resources, because terraform is not able to infer the dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**  When using the `cloud_provider_access_setup` and `cloud_provider_access_authorization` resources path simultaneously for cloud provider access, you may need to define a `depends_on` statement for those resources.This is because Terraform cannot automatically determine the resource creation order required for proper setup and authorization.```

> For a complete example including GCP KMS resource creation and IAM binding setup, see the [GCP encryption at rest example](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/tree/master/examples/mongodbatlas_encryption_at_rest/gcp/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete example that includes GCP KMS resource creation and IAM binding setup, see the [GCP encryption at rest example](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/tree/master/examples/mongodbatlas_encryption_at_rest/gcp/).
```
